[Music]
with its factory tuning in data center
DNA and Intel 730 series SSD is an
amazing choice for gamers and
performance enthusiasts now gigabyte
never really caught my attention with
their peripherals in the past and that's
the reason we haven't covered them much
but this one right here is a little bit
different this is the a via uranium
wireless gaming mouse with ghost macro
station and there are some things about
it that are moderately interesting so
the mouse itself has a 6500 DPI twin eye
gaming laser sensor it can handle a
thousand Hertz polling rate the maximum
that you can do with USB 2 it can handle
50 hours of continuous battery life with
its two double-a batteries and you can
easily swap them out in an emergency or
whatever else the case may be but you
don't even have to do that in an
emergency because it's got a nice
lightweight cord here that you can go
ahead and run to the mouse and you can
actually use it as a wired mouse while
it charges none of these things are
really groundbreaking but the
groundbreaking thing is the ghost macro
station right here that actually has a
full-on OLED display that you can use to
navigate the onboard menus and make a
ton of changes to the mouse itself
without even firing up the software but
first let's take a bit of a visual tour
of the mouse itself so at the front
we've got the charging port that plugs
into that nice lightweight cable I
talked about before on the right hand
side we find not a whole lot of anything
other than a slightly textured but still
a little bit more slippery than I'd like
plastic finish at the back we find its
butt so to speak okay and then on the
left hand side we've got 4gb buttons -
which are bound to forward and back by
default two of which are completely
unbound but any of which you can bind to
whatever you could possibly want on the
bottom we find a couple of slippy pads
four to be precise there are some extra
ones in the Box should you so require as
well as that 6500 DPI 29 laser sensor
we've also got a connect button which
you probably won't even need to use
unless something disastrous happens an
on/off switch and those two nickel metal
hydride rechargeable batteries that are
included with the mouse a very nice
touch on the top we find a scroll wheel
that also supports functionality
something I'm not a huge fan of because
my lazy Mouse posture causes me
accidentally hit it all the time but
lots of people really like it as well as
a rocker switch right here that you can
use for on-the-fly dpi adjustments or
whatever you want a wheel controller
lock that you can use to control the
wheel lock that changes it from being a
mouse wheel to being navigation for this
right here and finally a profile
switching button what I have to say
about the ergonomics are a couple of
things on the side and these ones to the
left of your index finger they're all
surprisingly easy to reach I
particularly like the layout of g4 it's
a very large button and you can either
press it with the tip of your thumb or
just roll onto it with the base of your
thumb pretty much anyone should be able
to access it too however the buttons
under the palm do continue to baffle me
these ones make a little bit more sense
because it's just a profile switcher and
then like a navigation lock here so
presumably you're not gaming while
you're like configuring your mouse or
whatever else so it's better than usual
but I still don't particularly like them
and then on the right hand side the
thing that bothered me here was that the
mouse is just too heavy to claw grip and
then unfortunately even with my small
hands my pinky hangs off the side of the
mouse if I try to Palm it so I really
just had a hard time gripping the mouse
in a way that was that comfortable and
it's unfortunate that it has that
particular drawback because there are
some other things about it that are
really cool many of which pertain to the
ghost macro station itself so moving on
to that it has an extremely bright
easy-to-read OLED display that can have
a ghost logo on it or your own creation
whether it's a bitmap or even hand-drawn
on with the mouse itself something that
I spent more of the time you know while
I was working on this review doing than
I probably should have
it's got onboard memory for macros and
gigabyte claims and it's like a
patent-pending technology for flawless
performance speaking of performance I
had absolutely no complaints about it I
didn't notice any lag or any jumping
even on a high resolution 2560 by 1440
monitor it's got a live editing mode
this is cool no software required all
you have to do is press that wheel lock
button and then you can use the mouse
wheel as a deep
add to navigate forward back up and down
to the menus then you click to confirm
your changes and you can change all
kinds of stuff like dpi values you can
edit profile switch profile well you can
do that through the mouse but you can
could switch profiles if you wanted to
you can assign basic remap functionality
key mapping functionality so you can
bind keyboard functions to your mouse
and you can even assign macros and all
that kind of stuff so software is
available and includes more
functionality such as more granular DPI
control and a pretty robust macro editor
as well as the aforementioned drawing
utility for the screen favored but if
you you don't actually need to use the
software to have really good control the
mouse all the time if you don't want to
I did mention before the nice
lightweight charging cord I can't
emphasize this enough that's a really
good feature to have for a mouse that's
supposed to be Wireless most of the time
and then finally the little Avia logo on
the bottom has five different colors
which indicate which profile you are
operating in this is kind of cool as
much as I might have complained about
the ergonomics of the mouse for myself
on their website they actually have a
hand comfort guide and do recommend a
hand size so I'm usually I'd call Luke
down be like yeah here's what his hand
looks not like on it here's a my hand
looks like on it you know what just head
over to their website see if it's a if
it's a good fit for you and on their
website also what I notice is there's a
lot of marketing around the 4k readiness
of this mouse something that I thought
was a little bit weird but it's actually
a very interesting point when I finally
upgraded from my MX duo I only did it
because I went from my CRT monitor which
I ran at 1280 by 1024 or 960 or whatever
it was to maintain a proper aspect ratio
I went from that to a 1920 by 1200
monitor and I was like oh the DPI is not
high enough so that is an argument for
higher dpi mice however this one isn't
particularly more 4k ready than other
high DPI mice and I just want to make
sure that I also included in the box is
a cleaning cloth the extra mouse feet
that I mentioned before on a via you
know Club B nav a club membership card
there's notes as well as a user's guide
and then the rechargeable batteries that
I have in the mouse already guys thank
you for watch
she liked this video if you liked it
dislike it if you disliked it leave a
comment it's linked below the video in
the forum thread to discuss this video
let us know if you have any feedback for
us or if there's anything in particular
you want to say about this product
itself and yeah we've also got a link to
our support link where you can buy cool
t-shirts that help support us as well as
send us monthly contributions which help
us make more videos and finally this
one's a really easy one just how to
change your Amazon link so that every
time you buy something there it gives us
a little kickback that helps a lot and I
think I'm done now don't forget to
subscribe to Linus tech tips from our
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos
[Music]
you